hey guys what's up this isn't
announcements so it's a temporary video
I mean you know I apologize for the bad
lighting tonight we're gonna do karaoke
at a place called local Elvis tonight at
10 p.m. and when I say tonight I mean
Saturday June 4th 2016 so this is an
event I created in the sense that I you
know put a message on the internet and
sent invitations to other people and
said hey do you want to karaoke like
it's not an event that I'm hosting you
know what I mean like I'm not in charge
of it
um it's not an event to support me or
celebrate me it's just an event that I
happen to propose to other vegans here
and that I've invited people to who are
my friends and that I've also just
opened up to anyone who's interested now
look some of you will be surprised that
I'm saying this to doing this some
people have written to me asking if I'm
like living and hiding or some people
been writing to me with the assumption
that I'm living out and I'm not at all
um you know I'm doing everything I
normally would do I'm out in these
streets as much as I normally would be
I'm going to the gym and everything else
you know the things that have actually
prevented me from doing what I wanted to
in Chiangmai are first of all the
weather we've had both extreme heat and
torrential rain well down poured rain
and you know the streets here fill up
with water they don't have proper
drainage or sewage that would be a long
rant to get into so you know the river
the the road turns into a river and then
it's like well I was gonna do this in
that but now I can't walk
I can't walk west or south on this road
anymore so I've got a plan so you know
the rain and the heat and the overall
disintegration of the city of Chiang Mai
itself has been preventing me from doing
some things I might have enjoyed doing
but no I mean I'm not living in hiding I
haven't changed what I'm doing one way
or the other I mean I've neither been
avoiding other vegans nor have I been
seeking them out and confronting them
and look you know the other thing to
remember is the vast majority people who
are fans that during Ryder are
reasonable people the vast majority of
them are really used to his trolling and
they look at it with a grain of so
I haven't met a single person who took
his allegations against me seriously you
know some of them take it seriously in
the fact that they feel deeply
embarrassed like they feel very much
discredited but they don't take it
seriously sense of actually perceiving
me in this way and like you know in
terms of the threats of violence
you know I offered to speak to during
writer face-to-face you didn't want to
do it I said look if you want to go
toe-to-toe we can go in a boxing ring
you didn't want to do it and neither he
nor anyone else I haven't gotten one
email from even one of his fans or
followers saying they'd like to take me
up on that square dance and I don't
think any of them do you know cuz again
I meet and talk to these people face to
face the vast majority of them are not
only normal human beings they're
actually nice you know no surprise so
what you'd expect they're nice people
who like riding bicycles you know what
like I've said I have a background I
bunked into some of the other day and I
talked to them I was like oh yeah I used
to do long distance cycling in Thailand
too and they asked me to quit how do I
say this in Thai I told them some
vocabulary in the Thai language you know
they're normal people they're they're
not out to get me they're not on a hunt
and I mean even if they were like I've
said here I don't live in fear
so look tonight karaoke 10:00 p.m.
Saturday night June 4th
I've put the invite out it's no secret
I'm not in hiding anyone who wants to
meet me anyone who wants to meet a bunch
of other vegans come and hang it's not a
political statement it's not an anti
durianrider event it's not anything like
that uh you know am i inviting
durianrider himself or freely herself no
I don't think it'd be appropriate for
them to show up to be honest with you
because you know they also don't invite
me to their events and they've turned
down the offer to talk and you know I've
now engaged with the ring writer we have
talked by written messages back and
forth and I've already made an apology
video to freely which you request so you
know it's kind of done but you know if
you want to hang like I say local Elvis
you can find that on Google Maps easily
enough it's downtown
you know going up for karaoke does not
seem to be directly related to saving
the planet but I mean God you know it's
got to start somewhere
as I recall you know petaa People for
the Ethical Treatment of Animals the
first meeting they ever had they had
this event that was protesting against
vivisection the treatment of apes at
labs and that a group of people together
in one room you know involved with this
particular protest against this
particular lab and somebody said look
we've got so much talent here
we've gotta exchange phone numbers and
names and we got a you know we got to
keep this going we got to build this
into a more permanent organization of
course they didn't have email back then
right man it's got to start somewhere
it's got to start with vegans actually
loving each other it's got to
start with mutual respect a mutual
cooperation and sharing emails and
sharing something more meaningful than
makeup and weight loss tips is what I
mean and I keep saying this the people
who founded petaa are not geniuses the
people who fed it bugged me the people
who founded Greenpeace are not geniuses
if anything those guys were morons in my
opinion but they really got together and
made something happen so you know like I
keep saying I still got love for y'all
you know and I meet all these people
with open arms open mind open heart and
you know yeah some people want to take a
poke at me some people got a chip on
their shoulder but man that ain't
that ain't new that's something that's
gonna change anybody who's doing
anything real in their life doesn't
matter if it's cambodia and human rights
or gay rights you know anybody who's
taking on any real issues you're gonna
deal with that kind of confrontation
those kinds of attitudes and it ain't
something real in my life and you know
for me uh it's worth it
karaoke tonight let's make it worth it